Jaden: I DON'T GET IT.
IT'S DAY TWO OF
THE GX TOURNAMENT
AND NOBODY'S CHALLENGED
ME TO A DUEL YET!
WELL, GEE, I WONDER WHY.
MAYBE THEY WANNA KEEP
THEIR MEDALS?
IT'S TRUE!
EVERYONE KNOWS YOU'RE
THE BEST, SARGE.
I GUESS YOU'RE RIGHT.
[CALLS]
WHAT'S UP?
THAT'S WEIRD.
IT WAS SUNNY, LIKE,
TEN SECONDS AGO.
WHAT IN TARNATION?
AAH!
WHAT IS THAT?
Syrus: OH, NOTHING.
JUST YOUR AVERAGE, EVERYDAY
RAGING PILLAR OF FIRE!
MUST BE A DUEL.
YEAH, BUT WHO'S
DUELIN' WHO?
AND WHAT KIND OF
CRAZY CARDS ARE
THEY PLAYING?
AAH!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
IS CHUMLEY REALLY BACK?
HUH? JADEN!
GIVE ME SOME LOVE!
CAN'T BREATHE. CHUM?
WHO DO WE HAVE HERE?
WHY, THIS IS CHUMLEY'S
FORMER ROOMMATE--
MR. JADEN YUKI.
AH, SO THIS IS
JADEN BOY.
CHARMED!
WHY, CHUMLEY
OVER HERE THINKS
YOU'RE THE CAT'S PAJAMAS!
THE WHAT?
Man: JADEN. MEET
MAXIMILLION PEGASUS--
PRESIDENT AND FOUNDER OF
INDUSTRIAL ILLUSIONS.
OF COURSE! HI!
BUT, UH, WHY IS
HE HERE?
AHEM! YES, ABOUT THAT...
Jaden: WHAT? SOMEONE
STOLE THE WINGED
DRAGON OF RA CARD?
NO WAY!
THAT'S THE MOST
FAMOUS CARD IN
DUEL MONSTERS!
YES, AND THE MOST DANGEROUS.
THE ORIGINAL CONTAINED
THE SPIRIT OF RA!
Jaden: BUT I THOUGHT
THAT CARD WAS DESTROYED.
IT WAS. BUT WE DEVELOPED
A COPY FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES
WITH NEARLY
IDENTICAL POWERS.
SO WHAT HAPPENED
TO IT?
LIKE I SAID,
MY COMPANY'S
CHIEF DESIGNER
HAS STOLEN THE CARD
FROM OUR VAULTS.
THAT'S NOT ALL!
HE STOLE MY
GRILLED CHEESE TOO!
WE HAVE REASON TO BELIEVE
THIS WINGED DRAGON OF RA
REPLICA IS HERE.
IN FACT, SEVERAL DUELISTS
HAVE REPORTED
RA-RELATED INJURIES!
OH!
I SAW IT JUST BEFORE!
P.A.: ATTENTION,
ALL GX PARTICIPANTS.
THE TOURNAMENT IS
TEMPORARILY SUSPENDED.
PLEASE RETURN
TO YOUR LODGINGS.
IF YOU'RE IN
THE MIDDLE OF A DUEL,
END IT IN A DRAW.
Syrus: IF I'D KNOWN
YOU WERE COMING,
I'D HAVE
MADE A GRILLED CHEESE!
THAT'S OK.
THIS ISN'T THE TIME, SY,
ALTHOUGH IF YOU'VE GOT
SOME BREAD AND CHEESE
AND MAYBE SOME BUTTER.
JUST CHECK
THE FRIDGE.
SINCE WE'RE STUCK
HERE, WANNA DUEL?
WELL, ACTUALLY.
YOU'RE GONNA GO LOOK
FOR RA, AREN'T YOU?
TEN-FOUR.
WELL, THEN
YOU'LL NEED THIS.
HUH?
IT'S A NEW CARD
THAT I DESIGNED MYSELF.
ANYWAY IT'S A FIELD SPELL,
AND IT MIGHT COME IN HANDY.
THANKS, CHUM!
PEGASUS! UH,
MR. PRESIDENT?
JADEN BOY?
[PANTING]
THIS ISN'T THE FIRST TIME
SOMEONE'S TRIED TO USE
A COUNTERFEIT RA CARD.
REALLY?
THERE WAS AN INCIDENT
SEVERAL YEARS AGO.
BUT THE EGYPTIAN
GODS CONSIDERED
THE COPY AN INSULT!
OUT OF ANGER,
THE SPIRIT OF RA SENT THAT
DUELIST TO THE SHADOW REALM!
[GERMAN ACCENT]
WELL, WELL, WELL.
HAIL TO ZE CHIEF!
FRANZ! HAVE YOU
LOST YOUR MIND?!
[CHUCKLES]
HEY, THAT'S
THE CARD!
RETURN IT AT ONCE!
DON'T DO SOMETHING THAT
YOU'LL REGRET LATER, FRANZ!
HERR PEGASUS.
SO WE MEET AGAIN.
IF YOU REALLY WANT
THIS CARD BACK, THEN
YOU HAVE TO EARN IT.
SO AS WE USED TO SAY,
IT'S YOUR MOVE,
MY FRIEND.
SO IT'S A DUEL
YOU WANT?
YOU GOT IT!
LET'S THROW DOWN!
STEALING CARDS
AND MAKING COUNTERFEIT
COPIES IS
JUST NOT COOL, BRO!
WHO DO YOU THINK
YOU ARE?
[CALLS]
DON'T WORRY.
IT'S ALL GOOD, KURIBOH!
Pegasus, thinking:
INTERESTING!
JADEN BOY CAN SEE MONSTER
SPIRITS!
AND NOW HE'S TAKING ON
AN EGYPTIAN GOD CARD,
JUST LIKE
MY OLD PAL, YUGI BOY!
SO, DO THEY TEACH YOU
ABOUT THE GOD CARDS
IN THIS SCHOOL?
FIRST, THERE IS
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR!
THEN YOU HAVE SLIFER
ZE SKY DRAGON, JA?
THAT ONE IS
INCREDIBLY VICIOUS,
BUT NOT AS VICIOUS AS
ZE WINGED DRAGON OF RA.
EVERYONE KNOWS
THE EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS!
THAT'S LIKE DUELING 101.
SO DON'T THINK
YOU'RE SCARING ME.
VERY WELL, HERR JADEN.
IF YOU'RE SUCH
AN EXPERT, LET'S GET
THIS SHOW ON THE ROAD.
GAME ON!
NON-CRIMINALS GET
TO GO FIRST!
SO, I PLAY
POLYMERIZATION!
FUSION TIME!
SO I'LL COMBINE
MY WILDHEART.
AND MY NECROSHADE
IN ORDER TO CREATE
ELEMENTAL HERO
NECROID SHAMAN!
NEXT UP, NECROSHADE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES!
SINCE HE'S IN THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON ANOTHER
ELEMENTAL HERO
TO THE FIELD NOW!
AND I DON'T HAVE
TO MAKE A SACRIFICE!
SO I PLAY
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS
IN ATTACK MODE!
HE PLAYED NEOS!
HAS THAT EVEN BEEN RELEASED?
I END MY TURN!
I CAN'T LET HIM
SUMMON RA!
NOW LET THE FUN BEGIN!
LOOK AT YOU!
YOU'RE QUIVERING
LIKE A SCHOOLBOY!
PLEASE! NOBODY'S
QUIVERING!
HEH HEH. YOU SHOULD.
BECAUSE I'M ABOUT
TO PLAY RA'S DISCIPLE!
UH, COME AGAIN?
WHEN THIS MONSTER IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
I CAN TAKE TWO
MORE DISCIPLES FROM MY DECK
AND ADD THEM TO MY HAND!
THEN I WILL ACTIVATE
ZE SPELL CARD KNOWN
AS TRAP BOOSTER!
SO I DISCARD ONE CARD
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
ULTIMATE OFFERING!
NOW, BY PAYING
500 LIFE POINTS
I CAN SUMMON A MONSTER
TO THE FIELD.
AND I CHOOSE
MY RA'S DISCIPLE!
AND THEN I USE ZE SAME
EFFECT TO SUMMON
A THIRD ONE!
WHY WOULD YOU SUMMON
THE SAME MONSTER
THREE TIMES?!
BESIDES, THEY'RE ALL
WEAKER THAN MINE,
UNLESS...
THAT'S RIGHT, MY BOY.
THESE DISCIPLES
WILL BE SACRIFICED!
JADEN, THIS IS IT!
GREAT BEAST OF THE SKY,
PLEASE HEAR MEIN CRY!
APPEAR IN THIS SHADOW GAME
WHEN I CALL YOUR NAME!
COME FORTH,
WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
[GROWLING]
WHOA! THAT'S HIM...
RA!
[CHUCKLING]
ZE ONE AND ONLY!
Hassleberry: DO YOU
SOLDIERS SEE WHAT I SEE?
Syrus: IT'S THE WINGED
DRAGON OF RA!
MAN YOUR BATTLE
STATIONS!
HASSLEBERRY!
ARE YOU CRAZY?
THIS ISN'T THE ARMY!
IF YOU LEAVE NOW,
YOU'RE MARCHING INTO
THE SHADOW REALM!
I'M JADEN'S ROOMMATE NOW,
AND NO ONE IN MY
PLATOON GETS ABANDONED!
HE'S RIGHT!
Chumley: DO YOU GUYS HAVE
TO RUN EVERYWHERE?
YOU KNOW ABOUT HIS ATTACK
POINTS, SMARTY PANTS?
I TAKE THE POINTS
OF MY THREE DISCIPLES
AND ADD THEM TOGETHER!
I'VE SEEN THIS THING
IN A TEXTBOOK,
BUT SEEING IT
IN PERSON IS
ANOTHER STORY!
YOU HAVE TO STOP
THIS, FRANZ!
ONLY A DUELIST
CHOSEN BY THE EGYPTIAN
GODS THEMSELVES
CAN CONTROL
THIS CREATURE!
JA. THAT'S WHY
I MADE THIS CARD!
GOD OF THE SUN,
YOU WILL OBEY ME!
YOU SEE, I HAVE DISCOVERED
THE SECRET TO TAMING
YOUR WILD SPIRIT!
I AM YOUR MASTER NOW, RA!
FROM MEIN HAND I PLAY MOUND
OF THE BOUND CREATOR!
WHAT IS THAT?
SOMEHOW HE MADE
A CARD THAT CAN CONTROL
AN EGYPTIAN GOD!
INDEED I DID,
MEIN PRESIDENT!
THE MOST POWERFUL OF
ALL THE EGYPTIAN GOD
CARDS IS NOW MINE!
NOW, MEIN SERVANT, STRIKE
HIM DOWN WITH BLAZE CANNON!
AND NOW THE BOUND CREATOR'S
EFFECT ACTIVATES!
WHEN A MONSTER
THAT'S LEVEL TEN
DESTROYS ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS IN BATTLE,
YOU TAKE 400 MORE POINTS
OF DAMAGE, MEIN BOY!
[CHUCKLES]
AND THAT'S ALL!
HE'S CRYING!
WHAT HAVE YOU
DONE, FRANZ?
Chumley: YOU
ALL RIGHT, JAY?
'CAUSE I'M
EXHAUSTED!
HOLD ON! WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HERE?
Syrus: WHAT DO YA THINK
WE'RE DOING HERE, JADEN?
WE'RE PROVIDING
EMOTIONAL BACKUP.
IT WAS ALL
MY IDEA!
WELL, THANKS, GUYS!
[GROWLS]
AS FOR YOU, WATCH THIS!
I SWITCH NEOS
TO DEFENSE MODE
AND SUMMON
MY CARD TROOPER,
ALSO IN
DEFENSE MODE!
THAT'S ALL FOR NOW.
HOW DESPERATE!
AND NOW I PLAY
NUBIAN GUARD!
THEN RA WILL
ATTACK AGAIN!
AND THANKS TO
MEIN BOUND CREATOR,
SAY AUF WIEDERSEHEN
TO 400 LIFE POINTS!
NOW, NUBIAN GUARD,
ATTACK!
BLITZKRIEG BOP!
CARD TROOPER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
WHENEVER IT'S
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
I CAN DRAW ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK!
THAT'S ALL FOR ME.
PERFECT! THEN I ACTIVATE
POT OF GREED!
[CHUCKLING]
THIS LETS ME DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK.
AND FROM
MY HAND I PLAY THIS--
ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX!
NEXT UP, I ACTIVATE
A SPELL CARD.
EVER HEAR OF BURST IMPACT?
WELL, WHENEVER I
ACTIVATE IT WHILE MY
BURSTINATRIX IS IN PLAY,
IT DESTROYS ALL OTHER
MONSTERS ON THE FIELD!
NOW HOLD ONTO
YOUR LEDERHOSEN
'CAUSE FOR EACH
MONSTER DESTROYED,
YOU LOSE 300 POINTS!
I WHAT?
AWESOME!
HE DESTROYED
AN EGYPTIAN GOD!
HEH HEH. NOT QUITE.
JADEN, IT SEEMS TO ME
YOU SKIPPED A CLASS.
YOU CAN'T USE SPELL CARDS
ON AN EGYPTIAN GOD!
UH, WELL,
I KNEW THAT.
I PLAY
DAMAGE-OFF ZONE!
WITH THIS,
THE DAMAGE WE
BOTH TAKE IN BATTLE
IS CUT IN HALF.
YOUR MOVE, FRANZ!
HA HA HA!
I'VE MET WEINER SCHNITZELS
THAT ARE MORE TALENTED
THAN YOU, MR. YUKI!
AND NOW WATCH
HOW IT'S DONE!
[SIGHS]
THANKS TO RA'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I PAY A THOUSAND LIFE
POINTS TO DESTROY EVERY
MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD!
[GROANS]
ALL RIGHT, RA,
INCINERATE THEM!
[SQUAWKING]
BURSTINATRIX!
YOU SEE, MY BOY, WHENEVER
YOU PLAY THIS DR. FRANZ,
YOU PLAY WITH FIRE!
[CACKLING]
I DON'T GET YOU, FRANZ.
YOU KNOW HOW
MANY STUDENTS
AT THIS SCHOOL DREAM
OF HAVING YOUR JOB?
AND YOU GO AND THROW IT
ALL AWAY FOR ONE CARD?
YOU DON'T KNOW
THE WHOLE STORY.
WELL, NOT YET.
BUT IF YOU KNEW ZE TRUTH,
YOU WOULDN'T BE
SO QUICK TO JUDGE.
AND I ASSURE YOU,
YOU WOULDN'T WANT
TO HAVE MY JOB!
LET ME EXPLAIN.
Pegasus: PLEASE JOIN ME
IN CONGRATULATING
CHUMLEY HUFFINGTON
FOR DESIGNING YET
ANOTHER SUPERB CARD!
Man: LOOKS LIKE THE NEW
GUY STRIKES AGAIN!
Woman:
STUNNING WORK.
I'VE BEEN DESIGNING CARDS
FOR YOU FOR TEN YEARS,
BUT NOW I SUBMIT ONE,
AND YOU CHOOSE SOME
GRILLED CHEESE SPELL CARD?
YOUR DESIGNS
RELY TOO MUCH
ON POWER ALONE.
TIMES ARE
CHANGING, FRANZ.
WE'RE LOOKING FOR
SOMETHING ELSE NOW.
THAT'S WHAT'S THIS
IS ABOUT?
JA! IT MAY SEEM
INSIGNIFICANT TO YOU,
HERR PEGASUS,
BUT IT'S MEIN LIFE!
AND I KNEW THE ONLY WAY
TO WIN YOU OVER
WAS TO GIVE YOU
A DEMONSTRATION!
ADMIT IT!
YOU WISH YOU'D CHOSEN
MY DESIGN, DON'T YOU?
NOT QUITE.
ARE YOU OUT
OF YOUR MIND?
DON'T YOU RECOGNIZE
A GENIUS WHEN YOU SEE ONE?
ALL RIGHT,
MEIN LITTLE TOY,
LET'S SHOW
THESE WISENHEIMERS
OUR TRUE POWER!
ACTIVATE
YOUR SECRET ABILITY!
SECRET ABILITY?
THAT'S RIGHT! I KEEP
ONE LIFE POINT FOR MYSELF.
AND ZE REST GO TO RA!
NOW YOU HAVE NO CHOICE
BUT TO RESPECT ME,
YOU INSIGNIFICANT
LITTLE VERMIN!
I DON'T HAVE
AN EGYPTIAN GOD!
I AM ONE!
ACTIVATE BLAZE CANNON!
[YELLS]
STOP THIS AT ONCE!
WILLKOMMEN TO YOUR DEMISE!
HANG IN THERE!
DON'T GIVE UP!
[CACKLING]
HE'S STILL STANDING?
IMPOSSIBLE!
MY DAMAGE-OFF ZONE
HAS ANOTHER
SPECIAL EFFECT.
IF I GET RID OF IT
ALONG WITH HALF
MY LIFE POINTS,
THEN THE BATTLE
DAMAGE IS ZERO!
YOU'RE JUST STALLING.
I END WITH THIS.
YOU WON'T GET AWAY
WITH THIS, FRANZ!
HEY, CHUMLEY, I JUST
PICKED YOUR CARD!
'LICIOUS!
WATCH THIS!
THE NEW FIELD SPELL--
SKYSCRAPER 2, HERO CITY!
HEY, RA!
NOW THAT THERE'S
A NEW FIELD SPELL
IN PLAY, YOU'RE FREE!
BOUND CREATOR
HAS NO EFFECT!
IMPOSSIBLE!
NOW I CAN BRING BACK
AN OLD FRIEND!
SO COME ON OUT, NEOS!
AND THEN FROM MY HAND
I SUMMON
NEO-SPACIAN GLOW MOSS!
WHEN GLOW MOSS
APPEARS IN BATTLE,
THE TOP CARD ON
YOUR DECK GETS
FLIPPED OVER.
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT
DEPENDS ON THE CARD.
ACTIVATING SIGNAL CHECK!
[BEEPING]
IT'S A SPELL CARD!
SO GLOW MOSS CAN
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
HE'S ONLY GOT
ONE LIFE POINT LEFT!
JADEN'S GONNA WIN!
I DON'T THINK SO!
I PLAY DE-FUSION!
THAT'S SO NOT COOL!
HOW COULD YOU LET
RA TAKE THE FALL?
OF ALL THE BAD GUYS
I'VE EVER DUELED,
YOU'RE THE WORST!
NO JOKE!
I MEAN,
FIRST YOU STEAL,
THEN YOU INJURE
INNOCENT STUDENTS
WITH A COUNTERFEIT
CARD, AND THEN
YOU DIS RA?
SILLY BOY.
THIS DRAGON'S NOTHING!
I AM THE EGYPTIAN GOD!
Jaden: GIVE IT UP, MAN.
YOU'RE JUST SOME POSER
WHO COULDN'T
TAKE LOSING OUT
TO THE NEW GUY!
OH, YEAH? WE'LL
SEE ABOUT THAT!
SORRY ABOUT THIS, RA,
BUT DON'T WORRY.
I'LL MAKE SURE
YOU COME BACK.
GLOW MOSS, ATTACK
WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
AND NEXT A DIRECT
ATTACK BY NEOS!
IT'S OVER, FRANZ!
NOT YET!
Franz, thinking:
I HAVE MONSTER REBORN
IN MY HAND.
NOW I CAN RESURRECT RA!
MY TURN'S NOT DONE!
NOW FROM MY HAND
I ACTIVATE THIS--
NECRO ILLUSION!
WITH THIS CARD,
I CAN RESURRECT
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
THAT WAS DESTROYED
IN BATTLE
AND THEN I
CAN SUMMON IT
TO MY SIDE!
I'M RUINED! NO!
SERVES YA RIGHT!
NOW, WINGED DRAGON
OF RA, COME ON BACK!
AAH!
YOU FOOL! YOU CAN'T
CONTROL THE GOD CARD!
YOU DON'T HAVE MOUND
OF THE BOUND CREATOR!
I DON'T NEED TO PUT
CHAINS ON MY MONSTERS
TO FIGHT WITH THEM!
I REDUCE MY POWER
TO ONE POINT!
THE REST OF 'EM
GO TO RA!
NEOS, GLOW MOSS,
LET'S GO!
I SACRIFICE GLOW MOSS
AND NEOS,
THEN ADD THEIR
ATTACK POINTS TO RA!
NOW, WINGED DRAGON
OF RA, ATTACK!
BLAZE CANNON!
[SCREAMING]
Syrus: YOU DID IT!
WAY TO PLAY!
[CALLING]
Jaden, thinking: IT WAS
AN HONOR TO MEET YA, RA.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
HASTA LA VISTA, CHUMLEY!
DON'T BE
A STRANGER!
Pegasus: A GREAT LOSS
CAN MAKE YOU HUMBLE.
AND HUMILITY IS
AN EXCELLENT QUALITY
IN A CARD DESIGNER.
BELIEVE ME,
I'VE BEEN THERE, TOO.
AND WHAT DOESN'T
DESTROY US ONLY
MAKES US STRONGER.
YOU MEAN...
YES. I'M LOOKING
FORWARD TO YOUR NEXT
NEW CARD.
THANK YOU.
MAN. I ACTUALLY BATTLED
AN EGYPTIAN GOD.
BUT IF I DIDN'T HAVE
CHUMLEY'S FIELD SPELL,
COULD I STILL HAVE WON?
GUESS I'LL NEVER KNOW.
WHAT'S UP, JAY?
I WAS JUST THINKING
HOW GREAT IT WAS
TO SEE CHUMLEY.
KEEP ON ROCKIN',
CHUMSTER!
Hassleberry: HOW LONG
WE GONNA STAND HERE
LIKE THIS?
I'M STARVIN'!
[JADEN CHUCKLING]
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR
GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪